will create llm for my tweets 
salamat sa disappointment @greyunitato 
salamat sa laging pag disappoint 
2 am still no sign 
the usual. nakalimutan na may jowa. thank you. will do the same to you. 
have a social life just to spite 
we angry, not sad 
pretend that errthings okay 
pretend like we okay 
damn. i’m getting tired of solitude but whatever 
let’s bottle shit up and see how long we can stay sane! :) 
goddamnit, i need a safe space 
note to self: inarte = saloobin. 
let me just mark this day as the day i finally accept na kahit anong gawin ko, di na talaga ako magiging masaya. 
“how do you plan on living your life?” 
with sheer will and intense focused hatred. 
i’m fucking old 
umay talaga sa mukha nun 
it's not space that i want. 
bwahahahahahahahhahah 
ayun naman pala. 
ako pala talaga yung kontabida. 
but of course. 
everyone but me gets screen time. 
new years reso? 
fuxk this personality, time to start a new one. 
or be a sociopath. whichever. 
you don't fucking see me talking to my exes. 
lol di nga kaya kagit blind item lang 
medyo tanga po yung kumukuha ng di nya order. 
medyo bobo ka po di ka nagtatanong. 
right then and there, nung sinabi pa lang sa'kin na 
"picturan mo kami" 
i knew hahahha
saet pa din tho 
edi don't i-post.
di ko naman hangad e. 
thanks @taylorswift13 for spending 3,440 minutes with me in 2022. i couldn’t stop listening to champagne problems. #spotifywrapped https://t.co/sdsmjkyyn8 
am i really borderline suicidal? and in need of help? 
i let you know how i feel and that's how you see it. okay. sige. 
no one needs to hear my thoughts. 
you're doing good david
please be good. 
gago edi wow. 
it's sad how you're a recurring theme. 
someone congratulated me... felt nice. 
nagyaya ang putangina. gago. 
sana lahat may pa special mention. 
i'll fucking ride again. 
need to hvae my own thing. buti na lang uuwi ko yung motor. 
i'm tired, man. 
kill me now. 
everyone seems to empathize with depression. 
but will that notion change once the depressed person is your significant other? 
i'm really fucking scared. i want her but i'm so fucking scared. 
i'm fucken weirded out. i love her yet everything about her scares me. 
killl me now 
my fucking god. 3 fucking years in work and already playing with the beeg boyz 
sabi sa resume "flexible and can work in pressure" pero puta may anxiety. gago ano yun? hahahahahah 
might be because deep down, i want it to end. 
not my environment. should create one. 
fuck you and all that is you believe in. 
should've just worked. fucking. annoying. 
maxime is just a dumbass name. as well as cahu. disgusting name. 
tungunu, weekend work nanaman :c 
oumay sa trabaho. gago. alis na ako maaga. 
blasted my fouqing ears, now i only hear is
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
shiny pokemon. 
wala akong puqinang-qinang shiny makausap. 
at this time and age, may nasasabihan sana ako ng init ng ulo ko. pero wala e. source din e. 
umay malala. 
oumay ampota. gago. yawa. yoko na. back to shell. 
fucking sige. at least magisa na ako bukas. 
tangina tapos mainit pa ulo ko. gago. edi let it burn 
gago, di ko work to pero sige 
fugging being thrown under the bus hahaha 
hahahahatdog. 
i'm so fucking... i don't fucking know... what am i even supposed to do? 
ito pala sense ng twitter. 
labasan ng sama ng loob. 
wala naman nakakabasa e. 
wala naman may pake. 

kewl kewl kewl kewl kewl 
tangina. next time. will live like i don't give any fucks. 
wag ka na umulit sa ganito. 
nakakaumay yung ganito. 
why do you always disappoint? 
barely doing anything. as usual. 
i barely fucking interact with fucking anyone and yet you're still blinded by the thought that someone else is going to steal me from you when clearly it's the other way around. 
ang hirap ng gusto mo maging mayaman tapos walang backer. 
an homage to you, and everything we could have been.
@greyunitato https://t.co/iikl6ylqhi 
now what?  i just feel more useless than ever. 
august or aughosting kasi napaka sakit 
fucking august 
don't be like me. be like someone else. apparently, that's what works. so be someone else. 
the urge to say "think for yourself" is so high rn 
saya ko dito oh. 
david maging masaya ka naman please. https://t.co/bdx6b0dvzy 
i feel so pointless 
tl na tapos gago biglang nawalan ng goal. 
i guess era ko na ulit ng pagiging sad boi hahahaha. 
or... workaholic? 
i'm a 10 but legit a red flag. hahahhaha. https://t.co/iehj2n3uul 
yep. sorry kasi di ako si steve harrington. https://t.co/xuq53fxzfr 
gago. tama na. nakakahiya ka na. 
well. ako lang naman nakakaintindi sa sarili ko edi... bye? 
hihi. mas masaya pag mag-isa. sarili mo lang problema mo. papakitang tao ka sa iba paminsan lang. pero deep inside wala ka naman talaga pake ih. hahahah. 
no need for the note to self. 
lol di na pala kayo. 
puta umay talaga. 
note to self: di kayo pag nasa labas 
tanginang mapapa-install ng twitter para magrant kasi alam ko na pag sinabi ko sa'yo e magaaway tayo. 
disappointing. 
tangina? lakas maka-throwback sa time na lugmok na lugmok ako sa buhay
https://t.co/rscvwoy7vb 
bye for now or for longer? idk. 
i miss you bebu. the person that i met in bumble that despite having a shit day, would always greet me with a smile and tell me that what i'm feeling is valid. 
tangina. it's always the bad thing about me that spreads and never the good thing. well. ano pa nga ba? 
i have issues. fuck.
time to not duck down and see nothing as i continue to soldier on. 
wala nga pala dapat ako nararamdaman. 
gusto lang naman makausap pero why the fuck does it feel like you can't give me the time of day. 
puta shut up ulit tayo malala. 
naol good person. i guess i'm the bad guy. 
i feel invalidated. maybe it's me that invalidates my feelings. idk. 
di daw pinagtarayan pero halata sa kilos. 
that one fucking time i acted up because sumosobra na. still viewed as something bad. damn. 
tangina mo naman david, milestone pero puta pagod ka. anyare? 
siguro nga umay ka na sa'kin. 
never did you fucking tweet about how happy you are with me. it's always the sad part. huh? why namarn ganun? 
gago. hirap lumugar. 
gag*. yung dama mo yung disappointment ng lahat tapos yung isang inaasahan mo na maiintindihan ka, sya pa yung pinakadisappointed. 
puta mas gusto mo pa sya kausap kaysa sa'kin e. 
a day didn't pass na di kayo nagusap. oks. 
itaga mo sa bato 'tong words na 'to "ano? promotion nanaman?" - noel, 2022 
yeah this song.

https://t.co/ehozljrpy7 
shit. i broke muhself again. 
i don't care. i'll be spiteful all my life. 
spite really is the best energy 
tangina o hahaha tatanga tanga ka pala e 
hahahaha 
the world wants me dead and that's for sure. 
we have lots of pictures but i'm not shown anywhere. 
i am basically non-existent to you. 
tangina netong isang hayup na 'to. 
dahil sa kanya nasira lahat. 
even if it's a little thing, please work. 
i'm already at my lowest. 
please work. 
just please work. 
i fucking need help. 
ikalma mo. 
alam mo naman na kung ano pinasok mo. 
wag ka na magsalita. 
ganito every argument? 
kill me now. 
tangina. hindi nila ako makita as someone. lagi na lang as workmate. ah geh. kung ganyan na lang. edi sige. wala naman akong problema dun e. 
"para kang fireworks, papakita sa life ko then aalis din.
iba-ibang colors, like yung different david na nakikilala ko everytime we chat.
ang ganda mo, but at the same time ang harmful mo.
but yung experience ay worth it." 
i will always be inept.
never enough. 
tangina sorry na. mahinang klase ang jowa mo. 
ayoko na. 
oh wait, ako pala mag p-provide nun. 
maging proud ka din sana sa'kin. 
maging excited ka din sana dun. 
maging vocal ka sana sa'kin.
tangina, ipag malaki mo ako please. 
and lastly since bobo ako. 
i'd prefer it if proud ka din sa mga efforts ko today. goddamn am i fucking tired of all the things that i've done today. 
damn am i selfish. 
in the end, i can't even provide the solace that you need. 
nakakairita yung pasaring and di ka diretsuhin 
i wish to not be aware of these feelings. 
potato ka. 
di ko malilimutan yung kape na tinimpla mo para sa'kin. 
can't say shit so just gonna leave it here. 
"alam mo? this happens every time. you actually forget about me pag nandyan mga kaibigan mo." 
fucking happy weekend. 
fukcin please talk to me 
i have a new drinking game. 
every time i think of something stupid i drink/ 
fuckit. 
i'll keep this account to myself. 
only sad boi posting here 
nothing to see 
i wish to be dum-dum. 
when will it all get real to me? 
i hate how i'm so insecure about how i look and that i have this stupid notion to top everyone that's been in your past. to that i say. fuck it. ako nandito ngayon. san ka na? 
it should triumph over anything. 
and it does. 
i'm just scared. insecure. 
i want clarity. i feel like i'll fucking breakdown pag nilabelan ako. fuck. 
me wanting to run away: 
suicidal thoughts. 
me wanting to grow: 
arguing with myself. 
me wanting to calm down: 
worries intensifies. 
david. tama na. proud naman na ako sa'yo. you took the risk. you made adjustments. all that's left is to let it go. magiging mas masaya ka pag ni-let go mo. so please. ako na mismo nagmamaka-awa sa'yo. 
naiintindihan mo naman na e. aware ka naman na. ano pa ba kulang? david. please? for your sanity. please. just let it go. nothing will help mulling about it. 
please. david. tama na. 
brain. please. shut up. give me a break. i-let go mo na, please? tama na. ikaw na lang yung tanga. 
i don't want to be mad anymore. 
i just want to shut up and be disappointed and then disregard my disappointment later. 
like really. 
you. are. the. now. with. certainty. 
how. are. you. more. scared. 
let it go. 
focus on what you have now. 
that's how happy people live. 
you? you live in constant regret of the past and fear of the future. 
but why? 
tapos mabibingi ako. 
i wish to have headphones louder than my thoughts.
putangina. 
you know what's my greatest worry? 
well, wala pa nga label and what if sabihin nya sa'kin bukas na 
"wala naman tayo label, inentertain lang kita" 
i know na di nya sasabihin yun but this is me overthinking. 
always. insecure. never.
"confident ako sa'yo" 
ang unfair ko naman. 
kasi kung di ko iniisip yun, edi hindi problema yun. 
ano ba toyo ko? 
it's just a constant battle of "don't fucking get insecure." 
anyways 
i'm redefining how i think love should be. 
it's definitely challenging. 
i'm a fucking idiot. 
i don't the abc's of relationship. 
i don't know anything at all. 
i really fucking don't. 
everything is new.  
so what do i fucking do? 
i'm already tired of the game just after 1. 
so after some deep realization and some rational thinking. i don't know how i think i should feel. 
which is bad. i shouldn't think about how i feel. 
i can't anymore with the no sleep. 
i... really need to do something to keep my mind off of things. 
that one person i would love to like the post still hasn't liked the post. idek why? was i too cheesy? too showy? what's wrong? i shouldn't mind it right? 
yeah. omks. 
this year: di na ako itatago. 
2021 year review 
gago ang saya ko.
nagkita kami, and nakumpleto yung taon ko 
i'm so fucking confused rn. 
want to just feel the wind and think deeply of what i said. 
when self doubt kicks in. i have no fucking clue how to deal with it still. 
achievements? ano? 
plans? all will fail. 
skills? fucking useless. 
eto naaaaaa 
isang tulog na lang 
still fucked 
like everything is according to plan 
but fucking hell why is everyone disappointed. 
everyone but you 
mah guy, just leave me on my own devices and i'll ask for help when i need it. 
so total independence gusto nyo na gawin ko? 
yung di nyo na ako makikita? 
i fuckin made it all by myself. 
why the fuck is thay still not the standard? 
i ain't growing any younger. 
what a fucking year it was. 
i'm in the 'could you all just fuck off' mood. 
haahhahahah 
sinetch yung namroblema agad sa problema na wala pa? 
"piliin sana ako gaya ng pagpili ko sa'yo"
- of confused thoughts meant to hide. 
quick! say something stupid. 
https://t.co/loi6ju6evr https://t.co/54nsor8jbp 
so proud of the people that i work with &lt;3 
nahihilo, nalilito
asan nga ba ang demo neto? 
*bought witcher 3 and all of its dlc
*have all the time to play it
*still won't play it 
*mind is looking to work 
always felt stupid. 
wasn't baseless after all. 
relationship sure is hard.
it's scary as hell. but somehow i still want to do it . 
recently, i came to believe that i've been incapable of crying my eyes out. 
but remembering the happyness that you give me made it rain hard where i stand. 
"get a life. just please don't let your world revolve on a single person again. we'll be fucked if all fails." 
- of thoughts. 
"seriously, just stay still. just stay still already."
- of thoughts. 
"please be real still my heart." 
- dead. 
"please be still my heart." 
- of thoughts to be ingrained. 
"be still my heart."
- of thoughts to remember. 
so ayun, kaming dalawa lang pala yung shunga. 
don't expect other people to return the things that you do for them. ikaw lang yung tanga na nagbigay ng lahat. 
need to fix my mood, just before anything happens. 
fck? why am i in such a bad mood? did i kick my ego somewhere? 
silence has always been awkward for me. 
someday, ma-t-tag din kita. and by then, sinagot mo na ako. 
being happy by my own is something i've been incapable of since i was young. it's always been constant feeling of lacking something very important. 
being a real dumdum for being happy in the dumbest of things. 
"i can wait. i'm already happy." 
- of grateful thoughts meant to tell you. 
"kulang na kulang ako, 
yun ang akala ko. 
ngunit nung ika'y nakilala ko, 
nalaman ko na sapat na 'ko." 
- of gentle thoughts meant to show 
https://t.co/peg2xebld2 https://t.co/p2nzt6fqtf 
kulang na kulang. 
"kulang na kulang ka pa david"
- of damned thoughts meant to be burned in my mind. 
never expect again. 
haven't been eating well tbh. 
"all my insecurities are slowly going away because of you. thank you." 
- of grateful thoughts meant to be shared. 
welp, i guess that's the end of that. 
i plan to never go into that position. 
taena talaga, i feel awful as hell. 
i feel so goddamn awful for failing someone in their career. 
goddamnit. i feel nauseas. 
always had this feeling of ineptitude that never left me. 
any suggestions how i can remove this? 
"ikaw lagi ang pipiliin ko." 
- of grateful thoughts meant to be shared. 
"akala ko para sa'kin."
- of selfish thoughts never to come out 
"wouldn't you be happy if naging 'tayo'?"
- of ungrateful thoughts never to come out 
"i'm the toxic one in this relationship."
- of thoughts to be casted away. 
"sana di na lang ako demanding sa attention mo" 
- of thoughts never meant to come out. 
"i just want to be happy with someone. please. i'm spent. i'm tired."
- of tired thoughts never to come out. 
"tangina gusto ko maging masaya bakit ba hindi pwede?
lagi na lang ba ganito? 
kailangan ko isakripisyo ang sarili ko para sa iba?
'di ba pwede na 'ako' muna?"
- of ideas never to come out. 
"bakit ngayon ka pa hahabol kung kailan wala na? 
bakit hindi noon kung kailan ipinaglalaban pa kita?
bakit kung kailan masaya na ako, dun mo ipapakita na kailangan mo ako? 
bakit parang ang dami ko pang pagkukulang sa'yo?"
- of thoughts never to come out. 
my head hurts and i can't eat cuz of it 
shangingangnang withdrawal sa kape yarn oh. 
i wanna faken argue with someone 
wag ka na umiyak please. ang selfish na. 
please david. stop na. 
david just stop. please. you're being selfish. 
in the end, another's name got involved to hide. 
- of the same project, 2 
i want the world to know that i'm yours but i can't. i'm tied. you'll suffer the backlash instead of me.
- of the same project 
i still am afraid. damn. 
i'll be not sad because i still have responsibilities to fulfill, can't die just yet 
xxxtentacion's - jocelyn flores: 
"i'm in pain, wanna put ten shots in my brain
i've been trippin' 'bout some things, can't change." 
awat na di naman ma-a-address ih, so stahp na 
stahp na 
me to me: https://t.co/xakwktdfp0 
tangina bakit ka ba malungkot? 
lagi na lang po ba malabo? 
pwede po ba makakuha ng kompirmasyon?
ano pa nga ba ang kulang? 
ako nga ba'y ikinahihiya? 
sino ako? ano ba tayo? 

- kalinawan 
kailangan ko ng kalinawan. 
should just be happy with what i get? yeah i think i should. stfu and enjoy. nothing  good comes from expecting something. 
but in all honesty, it does make me sad. 
wen kaya? 
how i got here? i don't know. 
earphones is no loner loud enough to drown the thoughts. 
ang labo 
i feel so appreciated.  damn. ito na ba yung 'healthy relationship'? 
fucking someone unscrewed the cap on the soy!!!! now there's too much!!! 
didn't think i was just a shadow of someone else. 
and to think someone already called me out for it. goddamn it. 
pass the fucking soy sauce please. i need it. 
infamous in my own way. but seriously tho, people who know me, stop citing my name like it's a goddamn source material. 
me just venting hoping someone would reply 
i twitter when i don't wanna say anything 
ako na lang sana ang pipilin araw araw. 
mf i dont know how2parent 
shuta permission to teleport na lang talaga kulang magteteleport na ako sayo 
yep, it do be fine. 
i will buy motor to die in style 
harurot sa nlex para sumalpok sa 10 wheeler, it do be epic. and insta-fame for liek 10 secs 
thank fuck there's barely anyone who'll read this. 
man am i upset. 
._. 
oh boy here we go again. 
yup. done. 
work it is then. 
ehem. 
professional nga pala. brb. tapon ko lmag 
duuuuuhhh????!!! helllooooo??? yan ka lang duuuuuh???? 
bakit ka magseselos? wala nga kayo label e. ilugar mo wag kang bobo 
insecure. 
i'm a changed man. i need not to fret about mundane fcks. 
tungunu mo i process mo yan. 
i wan stress sa work. plith. letse ka tadhana 
yes i'm online at work, no i don't want to work.
yes i have no choice, no i'm not in deadline.
yes i'm confused. no it's not work. 
damn do i wish i was just stressed in work. 
my salary is directly directly proportional to my pride hahahaha bobo 
here's to some more bs that i'll put to twitter. 
stress is an understatement, i thonk 
mf i need to process so much information in one day 
nap time~ 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa &lt;3 
if may confidence lang ako ilagay ka sa myday 
kese ekew nemen lege eng erew ku hihi 
ehe... lande 
online story telling hihi 
masaet my head 
i can't afford to love anyone just yet. not yet. not good. 
frick 
https://t.co/skb1segm28 
i still like supercell even if they haven't release anything for so long :[ 
fowkin have a good pc but can't play anything now 
tumbling x1 
bruh 
my body is so ready for a vacation 
should not be jealous of someone that eggs on someone else to buy them something. 
#buhatbayag 
me thinking about my monkey brain going hay wire 
all eyes on me 
can't help but feel like i've been lied to hahahahaha 
i've been fucking trying to cry for the last 12 hours 
it's not working 
shameful 
just fuck. fuck fuck fuck. 
fck. just fck 
kingina mooooo reeee 
sa twitter maginay
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
i'm kinda ded  agin 
no fucking why i can't settle down, i can't play game, i can't code. 
it's the fucken book that's staring down at me waiting me to take it and read the entirety of it. bruh 
i'll write my own success story. 
22 and still have nothing. 
remind me to never celebrate my birthday. 
on a scale of 1 - 10 how dumb am i? 
i'm not breathing properly again. 
it's really my fault for expecting. 
take on life by the horns. 
i'll keep silent. 
i won't play the victim card.
i'll soldier on. 
i'll keep to myself. 
aight 
imma take a bath and take this by the horn 
it's weird, i feel like i'm holding my breath for some reason, but when i get to talk to you, it's like i finally learned to breath normally. 
i fell in love. bruh. 
had a black part in my mind, seems like i just fell out of love. 
i remember the times when i was really dumb that my food for recess was the same old "crossini tsaka juice, lista kay mami"  in a really high voice. 
im so tired. 
dearest camille, 

happy valentines. it's really sad that maybe this is the last valentines i'll spend with you.  i love you so much. but the feeling of fear of you leaving is always there. i feel like i'm begging for you to stay. like everything will cave in if i slip up. 
i think i'm done with multiplayer games.
i don't wanna play them anymore. 
yung valentines bukas pero single ka. 
hihi. 
i want a fuck off pill 
my corporate work went up 
so that's like apple. 
hahahah 
another.
healing stones.  technically not "nothing" 
but get a random stone, be charismatic enough and convincing. you might just be able to sell it. actually, i might try that. 
sell an idea and not the product itself. 
something from nothing?
feng shui prediction. why do so many believe it? they wanted to sell an idea that furniture placement affect you. well they did it. your belief on feng shui made you a susceptible market for it. 
i don't get why people always use "anger" as an excuse for their bad behaviours. 
if you're mad then doesn't that just mean you're releasing everything that has pent up? 
so all those things you say or do are actually what you truly are. 
bruh. wala akong pake? nanaman? 
lagi na lang. 
haa... let it go. 
希望 , 喜び? 
hope and joy?
uhhh where the fuq did the "liwanag" go? 
https://t.co/hsald3awyw https://t.co/o3zmy8wpud 
tara nga ayop na yan 
inom tayo habang nag s-sea of thieves para sakto-sakto https://t.co/x8xmlpcaej 
oks talaga :) 
tangina ang sakit din pala. 
yung lahat sila nakabati sa wall nya tapos ikaw, kahit isa wala. 
oks. 
unpopular opinion: just wait for another wave of manufacture of ps5 instead of buying from scalpers. 
succ mah pp. https://t.co/busoar9xyr 
arat. https://t.co/fqqjnvmjc6 
months pass and i continue to tell myself that i love her because that's the way i want it to be. this led me to the confusion that i was the one that was exerting the effort to keep our relationship afloat. but the reality is that it was her all along. https://t.co/thjiec5odf 
i know that i'm not fit to be with her, but i at least want to try my best. but recently, i'm starting to question my love for her. it's so hypocritical of me, more so that my mind made it to this point. she's given so much to me and yet i continue to take advantage of her. https://t.co/7dzlrao8uq 
but i started to forget. this should say a lot on the situation that mind is going through. this pandemic absolutely made a large rift to the both of us. but it seems like i've never been giving her much of the love that i gave from the start. https://t.co/bjvdjekfou 
i barely remember the most romantic event in my life. 
the stupid me played "lover" to set the mood, then i gave my girlfriend a gift. and the gift was so significant to her that she started bawling her eyes out. this memory means a lot to the both of us. 
you need to get hit by truck-kun. https://t.co/n8gajpvicg 
nag-ipo some weeks ago saka naman nasira ng todo-todo service. 
luh? 
tara laro https://t.co/knupandjcj 
samedt. https://t.co/wf85phbq1k 
that moment when ready na ready ka na sa trade and potential risks then kulang capital. 
fml 
roses are red;
violets are blue; 
on september 27; 
i'm going to you. 
"ang childish mo"
oh thanks."" 
and thus you got a rejection from the person you wanted confirmation. 
i live in a constant state of fear and misery
do you miss me anymore?
and i don't even notice
when it hurts anymore
anymore
anymore
anymore 
... oof. 
haaa... ang sakit. 
it's usually those small sighs at the end can you really hear what your subconscious tells you. 
i always greet people with birthdays "happy new year" 
and not once have i heard a "why?"
it's always boisterous laughter of the idea. 

but the real reason is that i'm greeting a happy new year to their life.

very unorthodox indeed, but i have my own reasons. 
days that will never be taken back. 
i hate this time of day. it reminds me of the days gone. 
you know that there's nothing left. so why? 
haaaa... 
bruh. again? 
damn. can't sleep. 
sana naman makapakinig ako ng bagong ben &amp; ben song na di depresed 
just needed to be mature... hehe... 
#俺ガイル
#oregairu
today!!!!! 
need moar bitterness 
oh noes... ang pait ng kape... 
#bdonomura down again for 3 straight days?! wow 
oops clean up. :[ 
it's summer...
it really is summer. 
my brain feels like it's in summer.
but it's not summer. 
... 
waiting for someone to say: 
hey david, i see you working hard. good job. i'm very proud of you. 
https://t.co/bmogis8qxj 
but i'm fine. i can manage 
hi, i'm david. and i'm an idiot. 
let's try listening to happy music to see if anything changes. 
i'm so confused. 
i'm actually really dumb. 
https://t.co/1guinsyd7b 
i want it to last. call me martin. 
this fam &lt;3 @adodoots https://t.co/8p5jbg2pdy 
gonna yeet mah career 
i'm quite happy now 
cause make sure you tell my family it's okay. i'm sorry. 
just stop. 
be a martin? nice 
2 soon by keshi https://t.co/sfi5pdbiuv #nowplaying 
well fuck. 
i'm a non-invertible matix. thanks. 
if you gave an estimate then maybe i could've done things. 
or give a fucking definite answer. 
the very least is i'm doing something instead of nothing. 
petty. yeet. 
how fucking long is medyo. fuck. 
still impatient as fuck. 
i've never felt so excited yet so nervous and scared while being hopeful all in the same time. 
i can't foresee anything. 
unforgettable. 
i just need to calm down. 
fear and anxiety of being left. 
the way i go home today is a sad one. 
freedom feels weird 
this is my help. 
"tulungan mo sarili mo." 
aight. 
looks like i don't have any right to feel sad. 
di pala problema eh bakit ko pinoproblema? 
in the end, i'm still lost about what i am. maybe the trauma was just too much that i'm scared of a lot of things. i hope to gradually forget about those traumas to fully enjoy and grasp what i have. 
what? 
"ang childish mo." 
"nasasakal ako sayo." 
just fuck 
fuck. 
i fear the day that everything will come as natural. 
most bs phrase i've read after a while "pm is the key". bobo. 
galit tapos nadamay lahat. 
well shit. just shit. might lose it. might not. fuck. 
ranting on twitter cuz nobody's gonna see this shit, i assume. 
well shit. 
yung nag undas tapos naiwan yung feelings sa sementeryo. 
malungkot nga talaga ang undas. 
just fuck. 
i am so fucked. 
at the very least let me prepare myself first. 
damn. it's so fucking hard. 
suddenly, random k-pop song. 
nobody: 
me to a bee: ya like jazz? 
i doubt this will solve anything. 
you know what
context wise. both are fucked. but i won't stay here long enough to give a damn about what really transpired. 
you present a new idea and expect everyone to accept it. good. this can be abused and exploited, and if that happens the ones who loses are the same people. 
but i'm happy to have fallen to that cliff 
and it's so steep 
it's like a cliff 
asked for one 
got two 
time and time again, i get reminded how shallow minded human can be. i am no exception. 
for real tho 
this is the most complicated thing i've gotten. 
lemme just kill it... 
lol dude. wtf 
i just confessed yesterday and got a 0.5 answer. 
because fuck you. that's fucking why. 
time to do what i do best. 
i have no achievements that i can be proud for. but i'm fine with that. i can attest the way i live as my achievement. 
haaaaa... 
it's exactly because of this that i don't think like that. 
need to control urge to open facebook. 
need to exercise. 
need to eat well.
need to study. 
time check 
7:46 
fuck. 
2 hours waiting 
yay :d 
looks like i'm an impatient fuck. 
yup. still tumorous. 
i just don't get how some people can stand me. 
i'm dumb. 
i wake up to the feeling of wanting someone. 
moriset. why the fuck do i wanna change my name to that. 
nah fam. 
fuck that. 
i used to hate sleep. now, sleep hates me. 
https://t.co/isoz7g6k7v via @9gag 
i contemplate just to contemplate again 
"bakit an-sikip"
-alanis, 2019 
in context of editing powerpoint diagram 
tfidf is not removing words bitch. it's the calculation of importance of each word in a sentence. now i can sleep. fux. 
dude thought that pure understanding of a programming language was enough. 
sure. 
can i quantify myself? 
oops missed my opportunity to post in twitter 
to merge something, you have to understand it. 
it's either my mind went on a wild tangent or 
it's a bright idea. 
happy birthday 2nd... 3r...4th best girl! https://t.co/rfskkj4bkh 
frustrations then fulfillment. fuck i wanna pursue a master's degree but i don't know which to get for a phd in ai. send help 
rita please save my soul. https://t.co/l7blfd12xv 
seriously, random person. 
fuck off. 
random person, you better thank yanaginagi's heavenly voice. 
just. fuck. 
and in the end, research comes to a halt due to ethics and respect. 
finally came back to spotify premium. simply one of thw best purchase ever. 
i somehow fucked up mny goals alo g the way but still arrived towards the dream that i want. 
hey younger me, i'm sure you'll be proud once you meet me. 
i have a lot of books to read... 
i love it!!!! 
my mind is as feeble as it gets. 
magic. 
the explanation for everything that i'm ignorant of. 
fuck. dabbled too hard in k-pop. 
i know like it. 
千歳くんはラムネ瓶のなか
note to self: read this. 
the disparity with my values and yours is enormous.  my mind is twisted and clouded. but fuck you sir. tilt your fucking chair forward. i paid as well fucker. 
it's the sad story of a boy liking something of which is dumber than an average human but smarter than it at the same time. 
the great action is ruined by the sucky reason behind it 
2 hands ain't enough for me 
yeet should i train myself to have adhd 
cuz frick y that goes that with history.
hazero real! hajiker eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
- non-sentient hnj ai, 2019
hahahaha 
"what's up it work, yuhssss!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
i couldn't have said it better myself lmao 
loss is 0.2332 
i might've overfit it if i push epoch more.... 
fck it xd 
"what's up worthwhile.
if 2: 
make! halagily thang you
3aver me it's because som then, lele i, prain my model with... i need to pass about uhhh. 8he movement jetp duh 
not mesi n://t.co/ilniryboij
it's so daveaa"
and here's one with 0.2834 loss hahahaha 
what's up lwee b'os sedtpri
aha 
wcin ar ousee  cokainbiteerssy 
aka!
wsssss1sd
sss
uuvalik onee su b bu than lvw
ra'lad  oud aiet ungo af sive 
ahasip 
bedeoo airor g meme, ope"
mtimkeetobeox0e am y's i to eoh i st ofrsalyietawit
mowawyo i khp
here's another with loss of 2.7875 
what's up "a oei
nrid hhagamn.wdmfeea:)rpgbidcg'*祝.
 'autshatfisisciarnme  mhy.nq
'wmpe/adil]3willsm🌎hurjyb. nu    ttah i.takeios
 o/./hs o@lwymisa ienb meelc n aksygk3.kv8bihas   ptuleipar am oeuhtiksc hapies
 y"
this is my tweet now apparently hahaha 
meh, let it be stuck to 167 then fck 
tweet 4 
tweet 3 
tweet 2 
tweet 1 
making some tweets for my ai model to train on hahaha... i need to pass about uhhh 8 more 
i'm dumb but for some unknown reason, i became smart hahahaha 
and i'm still dumb 
quick. think of a game! 
it's not that i'm being bitter and hating on what that person does.  it's more like "what demeaning shit is this person doing?" 
i curse myself for browsing facebook hahahah 
time to uninstall something yeet 
need to draw. 
make uhh fuck i forgot
a neural conversational model. 
seq2seq 
the more i read 
the more it makes sense
i sure am dumb hahah 
it's the ignorance that i like. not the human. 
the bullshit finally stopped 
time to bullshit in social media cuz my brain is acting up. 
hahahhahahahah 
i diagnose myself to have adhd 
cuz frick you 
damn 
i suck at facial differentiation 
note to self
train brain in human recognition 
if i'll be living, then i'll make it worthwhile. 
if 2: 
make a story that goes that with history. 
bucket list: 
either live long enough to see the birth of sentient ai
or be one of the contributors to sentient ai. 
if 2: 
fulfill my childish dream. 
sup nerds 
watch tateyuu.
right now. 
i'm slowly getting used to sleeping late and waking up early. 
like what i've said. 
read this! https://t.co/fekewo57jj 
yeeeet boi https://t.co/odfwtlflej 
ara ara ara ara ara ara ara ara 

damnit!
i wish for a chiyo-nee as well 
once again 
i'm dumb 
i now have mixed condescending feelings about our, the philippines', political status. 
but one thing is for sure. i still stand by the idea that the "aquino administration" is dumb and fucked. 
note to self: read this https://t.co/xyjtsmrurl 
salasaa! 
i guess i'm an idealist but i keep 'em to myself and keep on observing. 
movie review: 
no game no life -zero- 
i commend the author for killing the main characters. that my friend takes balls, and you have a lot of balls. 
it's so damning to know that the reason you win is due to popularity and not because of competence. 
if that was me, i'd rather not take the seat and just render it to someone more fitting. but then again, the world isn't black and white. it's fucked. 
kyoukai no kanata mirai hen
gets a 6/10 for me 
it's a love problem dressed as chuunibyou 
congratulations on destroying your life. 
i'll be free after a bit then become busy again 
note to self: read this. https://t.co/zs3qllv5oz 
google i admire the technologies that you have developed! 
also, that credit card wall that blocks me from using your other services. 
hahah 
right. it's time to tackle auto-complete. 
me: hi doc!
doctor: that's 500php. 
me: https://t.co/7cqgdhoi7d 
that was close
i almost got sucked by facebook 
hahahah it only took 140 seconds to look away hahahaha 
time to do stuff then 
ppppffffffck. i have tons to do now 
i foresee. my money going reee. 
i still want to play bloodborne... 
my alarm is about to go off any minute now. help. send help. 
oh no... i fear success more than failure... i code without testing and it worked. oh god no. 
if there was a meta manga that features an mc named smthn like bg-kun and exploits on the plot holes of famous manga, i'd read it. 
if anyone is asking 
das mi mum 
say hiiiiii 
me: holaaaaaaaa momaaaaa 
fuck. didn't think i'd be debugging until this time. i blame the build time for it and not me. yeee
sponsor me pls. 
self reminder: fangirl on gagaga bunko books 
oh wait... hahaha nevermind 
i just didn't read it properly xd
susumeeee! 
tho i'll still rebuild this in react-js either way. it's still a win-win scenario for me yeet. 
hazero real! hajikero synapse! banishment! this! waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaruuuuuuuuuuudddddddddddooooooooooooooooo!
i now have chuunibyou &lt;3

#chu2koi 
starting from a fresh new build and redoing what i've achieved... 
well... it's not bad but... yeah.... let's just do it hahahaha 
with that said.
time to steer my life for the better. 
thank you jessica. 
it wasn't a nightmare but i've confirmed that i moved on. 
thank you brain for finally letting me have a peace of mind. 
and that she moved here just to see me. 
i went back in time where it all still hurts. 
i had a dream. 
lul 
i'm what? 
ffffffffffuuuuu... 
i should do something 
the irony of it is i'm sad but i just can't give a fuck about the reason why i am. it's like a fucks container that's already been empty a long time ago. like a cookie jar. shit's empty and nobody's happy about it. 
haaaaa... i lack self control 
duuuuudee... just... i need to wake up early tomorrow... like at 5 am 
mistakes were made... 
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee why'd i shy away from laravellll reeeeeee 
i'm liking it's structurereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
feelingcutemightdeletelater 
now trying to scratch laravel, is it just me or dev environment setup went fast? i'm suspicious of this, will this bite me back on dev stages? 
fck.. now i'm supposed to study 
the snappening just happened. 
exactly. https://t.co/z15jicusww 
goal for someday 
recreate the famous beatles album cover by myself. 
i have no time to be depressed xd 
i'm a bad person 
but i sure found good people 
well would you look at that 
i've sifted through my relations and placed them in the right place. 
aight. 
ethical training. 
every second is excruciating reeeeeeeee 
how do i say sorry? 
oh god no 
i've done something irreversible 
oh my fuckin god 
i have serious ethical issues. 
i need help like serious help. 
it's my lucky day! 
i'll be subjecting myself to experiments 
ethical values.... you are in the way of learning! 
how does that look on an ethical stand point? 
should i use the chats i've had with my ex? 
hmmmmm 
what dataset should i train my model with? 
i wanna sleeeeeeeeeee... p 
oh shit 
it was kaggle and google collab 
reeeeeeeeeeeee 
now to imagine how i’ll use everything else while sleeping 
dialogflow
tensorflow 
ionic 
angular 
android 
what else am i missing to make my own personal assitant? 
less sleep. no rewards. 
is this adult life? xd 
fck i forgot what i was gonna say xd 
why is twitter spelled as twi and not twee? 
am i dumb? (yes) 
i am blurred. not because i am japanese. but because i vibrate on a different plane of existence. 
kakapeepee poopoo 
my brain is doodoo 
aaaaaaaahghhhhhhhleluya ahleuya ah a luya 
why do i twitter? 
to rant.
and to be random. 
i don't get it ahhhhhhh. 
wotaaaaaaaaaaaan 
what is this? an oregairu clone? sign me up! https://t.co/jkkbko5ivu 
anime about teens playing koto. nope. https://t.co/bgm7znhpu6 
the godawful site i had to sit through!
jesu*fck who the hell does that?!
information bloating. too much images. and too many moving things. just focus on the important info! 
what have i gotten myself into 
note to self: buy a copy of "the low tier character 'tomozaki-kun'" 
corporal attire. my straight jacket. 
gaaaaaa 
i'm confused af with angularfire2 
gahd i need to sleep but i also need to work 
i'm mature. after a bit of time. 
aight twitter, i give up. 
i did say that i like someone but it's just unrequited so i'll stop. 
so... 
hahahahaha 
notice me senpai 
fuuuuckk.... why am i trying to appeal to her reeeeeeeeee 
dude lol. i think i'm in love. 
damn. this song good. 
https://t.co/c7jmhqlt7n 
it's taking long to get rejected 
eyyy time to make admin page 
no motivation to do anything. uninspired. depression kicking in. 
yuhs, i'd get to see irohasu again! 
maybe some "things" will progress, maybe they won't. 
really looking forward to season 3.!!!!!!!! https://t.co/vsv4xod9tu 
everyone seems to be posting things about their "special" other, and here i am meme-ing about myself. 
i'm fine with that. 
i can only rant in twitter. 
well fuck. 
i have more time to live, yay!

#祝俺ガイル第3期 https://t.co/end0b3bd0h 
i unironically play aq worlds. 
i actually like the game that i grew up with. might've missed playing it four 4 years but it's still a good game nonetheless. 
definitely n0t getting on the boat but yay pewdiepie 
#subscribetopewdiepie #sub2pewds 
okay, okay. 
i'm done with my movement tracker app, now onto make the site to visualize it. 
this will be hell &lt;3 
day % fck me still but i've forgotten most of it 
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssssss
a movie would be nice but this is, this is pure bliss! reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
thank you reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee https://t.co/wkydgvu9uu 
day 3. 
remind me again to never go into the "shithole" i call facebook. 
day 2. 
day 1. 
collecting pandas??!! 
yes please!! https://t.co/vfwbvkxrcu 
this tweet is from the command line 
no progress today... shieeeet 
welp 
react native it is owo) 
tensor flow? suggestions? 
done with blockchain
now onto other shit 
mobile app! 
tangina mo din abel 
fuck you robert estopace junior.  yung katabi ko 
finally made it work, yuhssss! 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa what the ahhhhh ;3; 
it fu... it worked! yahoo 
i'm using twitter ... is it working? is this even my account? 
bought my own domain... just to use it for email sending xd 
what else can i use it for? 
i still can't afford web-hosting ;-; 
let's start fixing my twitter yay 
what's another knife to a dead man? 
khai dreams - ultimately 
is this underrated or is he underrated?
listen to it nonetheless owo)/